From today onwards
I'm not your mother
Is a leaf
Our mother cut ties with the Tian family
you
Simply ungrateful
It is Miss Ye who helps our Tian family
You all come and join the people who want to harm us
you
There is someone with a bit of conscience at this sky-high price
I help them just to invest
I don't need them to thank me for anything.
Little bitch
Are you obedient or for profit?
I support Miss Ye
I'll give you a way to live, you don't go
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
Ye Bingtao
Mr. Ye just disappeared
Don't be too proud
Hey, hey, hey.
Now I'll tell you the truth
The disappearance of the old man was planned by me
He is now injured
Even if you hide and lack medical care
I'm afraid I won't be able to cross the river
Li Bingtao, you are such a beast
Who made the old man love you so much?
I want to give you my property, I will never do it again
Wait for him he made a will
It's too late.
How many resources did grandpa give you?
It's you who eat, drink, prostitute and gamble by yourself
Don't you know how many companies have been sold out?
I can't give it to you either.
You are just his granddaughter and I am his own son
The only heir
You do it
Not afraid of legal sanctions
Sanctions hahahaha
Do you have any evidence?
I am the proof